com/BE_Test/runner/CukesRunnerBE.java
 com.BE_Test.runner.CukesRunnerBE
com/BE_Test/utilities/ConfigurationReader.java
 com.BE_Test.utilities.ConfigurationReader
com/stepDefinitions/BE/RegisterStepDef.java
 com.stepDefinitions.BE.RegisterStepDef
com/UI_Test/page/EndToEndPage.java
 com.UI_Test.page.EndToEndPage
com/BE_Test/page/UserBody.java
 com.BE_Test.page.UserBody
com/stepDefinitions/UI/LoginStepDefinition.java
 com.stepDefinitions.UI.LoginStepDefinition
com/BE_Test/page/RegisterBEiam.java
 com.BE_Test.page.RegisterBEiam
com/stepDefinitions/UI/EndToEndStepDef.java
 com.stepDefinitions.UI.EndToEndStepDef
com/UI_Test/utilities/Driver.java
 com.UI_Test.utilities.Driver
com/UI_Test/page/Login.java
 com.UI_Test.page.Login
com/UI_Test/page/ModeratorsPage.java
 com.UI_Test.page.ModeratorsPage
com/UI_Test/utilities/BrowserUtils.java
 com.UI_Test.utilities.BrowserUtils
 com.UI_Test.utilities.BrowserUtils$1
com/UI_Test/utilities/ConfigurationReader.java
 com.UI_Test.utilities.ConfigurationReader
com/UI_Test/runner/CukesRunnerUI.java
 com.UI_Test.runner.CukesRunnerUI
com/stepDefinitions/Hooks.java
 com.stepDefinitions.Hooks
com/BE_Test/page/LoginBEiam.java
 com.BE_Test.page.LoginBEiam
com/BE_Test/page/Tokens.java
 com.BE_Test.page.Tokens
com/stepDefinitions/BE/LoginStepDefinitionBE.java
 com.stepDefinitions.BE.LoginStepDefinitionBE
com/UI_Test/page/EditorsPage.java
 com.UI_Test.page.EditorsPage
com/stepDefinitions/BE/userControllerStepDef.java
 com.stepDefinitions.BE.userControllerStepDef
com/BE_Test/page/UserController.java
 com.BE_Test.page.UserController
com/BE_Test/DeSerialization.java
 com.BE_Test.DeSerialization
